{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2nd semester project options so far:\
\
\

\b Make a game in Java or modify current game:
\b0 \
\
-I don't like this idea. Sure, I'd love to implement new things into my project, but it will not be enough in the long run.\
\

\b Conclusion?: NO\
\

\b0 \

\b Make a game using Cocos2D (Objective-C):\
\

\b0 - This idea seems promising, but I would probably need a book in order to learn how to use the libraries. Until I get an answer, I'm not sure if a graphics engine could be used in this game. Another question is which book to get and would it be worth the investment?\
\

\b Conclusion?: MAYBE
\b0 \
\
\

\b Make a game using Objective-C++ and a graphics engine:\
\

\b0 -This idea feels like it is shrinking more and more. I don't think that I will be able to research and complete a game with so little experience on time. Also, a graphics engine has NOT been approved, so I can't make a decision if this is an option just yet.\
\

\b Conclusion: MAYBE, but less so than above\
\
Make a game using Python:\
\

\b0 Very, very possible and probably very likely. It's a whole different language and it's cross-platform which helps a lot. I think that I could probably make a game with this and still be able to show that I learned a different language. Also, this would throw the teacher off most likely if he does not know Python. I would have to relearn the concepts and syntax though as I have forgotten a lot of it.\
\

\b Conclusion: Most likely and VERY Possible to do it this way. College will take care of the other languages and hopefully, I'll be able to get stuff going with the knowledge I learn there.}